feat: parts of the gRPC istrumentation (#1303)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby-contrib: instrumentation/grpc/README.md

  end
```

## Development

> Integration tests relay on a real gRPC server which is started by relevant tests. The proto definition is located in `test/support/proto/ping.proto`. Making changes to the proto definition requires re-creating grpc-generated code. To do this, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests rely on a real gRPC server that is started by relevant tests. The proto definition is located in `test/support/proto/ping.proto`. Making changes to the proto definition requires re-creating gRPC-generated code. To do this, run the following command:
```
